Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,
Love like you'll never be hurt,
Sing like there's nobody listening,
And live like it's heaven on earth.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Everything you can imagine is real.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
He’s not perfect. You aren’t either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn’t going to quote poetry, he’s not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don’t hurt him, don’t change him, and don’t expect for more than he can give. Don’t analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he’s not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don’t exist, but there’s always one guy that is perfect for you.
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right  for you’ll be criticized anyway.
the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes Awww!
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Peace begins with a smile..
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.
Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.
For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people.
For a slim figure, share your food with the hungry.
For beautiful hair, let a child run his fingers through it once a day.
For poise, walk with the knowledge you’ll never walk alone.
...
We leave you a tradition with a future.
The tender loving care of human beings will never become obsolete.
People even more than things have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed and redeemed and redeemed and redeemed.
Never throw out anybody.

Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, you’ll find one at the end of your arm.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands: one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.

Your good old days are still ahead of you, may you have many of them.
Promise Yourself

To be so strong that nothing
can disturb your peace of mind.
To talk health, happiness, and prosperity
to every person you meet.

To make all your friends feel
that there is something in them
To look at the sunny side of everything
and make your optimism come true.

To think only the best, to work only for the best,
and to expect only the best.
To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others
as you are about your own.

To forget the mistakes of the past
and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
To wear a cheerful countenance at all times
and give every living creature you meet a smile.

To give so much time to the improvement of yourself
that you have no time to criticize others.
To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.

To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,
not in loud words but great deeds.
To live in faith that the whole world is on your side
so long as you are true to the best that is in you.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.
May you live every day of your life.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Limit your always and your nevers.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I'm possible!
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Try to be a rainbow in someone else's cloud.
You do not find the happy life. You make it.
Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen.
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment, until it becomes a memory.
The most wasted of days is one without laughter.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
It isn't where you came from. It's where you're going that counts.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.
You get what you give.
Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Never limit yourself because of others’ limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens.
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.
You are enough just as you are.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.
Spread love everywhere you go.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more.
Inspiration is some mysterious blessing which happens when the wheels are turning smoothly.
With the right kind of coaching and determination you can accomplish anything.
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Each person must live their life as a model for others.
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall.
Motivation comes from working on things we care about.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Only the paranoid survive.
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.
I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘how far can I push this company in the next 24 hours.’
If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.
We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes  understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.
Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Everything you can imagine is real.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right  for you’ll be criticized anyway.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances.
If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is.
You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.
Impossible is just an opinion.
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.
If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.
Hold the vision, trust the process.  
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.  
Just another Magic Monday  
One day or day one. You decide.  
It’s Monday… time to motivate and make dreams and goals happen. Let’s go!
It was a Monday and they walked on a tightrope to the sun.
Goodbye blue Monday.
So. Monday. We meet again. We will never be friends—but maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more-positive partnership.
When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day.
Monday c’est Mon Day
All Motivation Mondays need are a little more coffee and a lot more mascara
I’m alive, motivated and ready to slay the day #MONSLAY
No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become Successful.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Every sucessful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him.
Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.  
Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap.  
Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary.
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.
Work like there is someone working twenty four hours a day to take it away from you.
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.  
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this,’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough
If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. 
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together 
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears.
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.’
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure.
It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it.
The hard days are what make you stronger.
If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.
Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.
If everything seems to be under control, you’re not going fast enough.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. 
The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.
Unsuccessful people make their decisions based on their current situations. Successful people make their decisions based on where they want to be.  
Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
Work hard for what you want because it won’t come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive. 
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
If you work on something a little bit every day, you end up with something that is massive.
The big secret in life is that there is no secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.
At any given moment you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end.  
Amateus sit around and wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Sometimes when you’re in a dark place you think you’ve been buried but you’ve actually been planted.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.  
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.  
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have got it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known.
Don’t quit yet, the worst moments are usually followed by the most beautiful silver linings. You have to stay strong, remember to keep your head up and remain hopeful.  
When written in Chinese the word crisis is composed of two characters  one represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
Good. Better. Best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Dreams don’t work unless you do.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine  and shadows will fall behind you.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.  Lionel from Maid in Manhattan Movie
H.O.P.E. = Hold On. Pain Ends.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart
Turn your wounds into wisdom
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
Begin anywhere.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.  
Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success.
Every champion was once a contender that didn’t give up.
To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It’s not about winning and losing; it’s about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge. It’s about embracing the pain that you’ll experience at the end of a race and not being afraid. I think people think too hard and get afraid of a certain challenge.
Don’t dream about success. Get out there and work for it.
The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.
You can cry, scream, and bang your head in frustration but keep pushing forward. It’s worth it.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.
Life is not what you alone make it. Life is the input of everyone who touched your life and every experience that entered it. We are all part of one another.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang out. 
Never regret anything that made you smile.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
I never lose. Either I win or learn.
Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing the monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
Focus on being productive instead of busy.
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
It’s not all sunshine and rainbows, but a good amount of it actually is.  
When someone says you can’t do it, do it twice and take pictures.
I didn’t get there by wishing for it, but by working for it.
She remembered who she was and the game changed.
If you’re too comfortable, it’s time to move on. Terrified of what’s next? You’re on the right track.
Be happy with what you have while working for what you want.
Sunshine all the time makes a desert.
The big lesson in life is never be scared of anyone or anything.
You’re so much stronger than your excuses
Don’t compare yourself to others. Be like the sun and the moon and shine when it’s your time.
Don’t Quit
Don’t tell everyone your plans, instead show them your results.
I choose to make the rest of my life, the best of my life.
Nothing can dim the light that shines from within.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
Take criticism seriously, but not personally. If there is truth or merit in the criticism, try to learn from it. Otherwise, let it roll right off you.
This is a reminder to you to create your own rule book, and live your life the way you want it.
If you don’t get out of the box you’ve been raised in, you won’t understand how much bigger the world is.
Do the best you can. No one can do more than that.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
‘It’s never too late to be what you might’ve been.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Trust yourself that you can do it and get it.
Don’t let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.  
You can do anything you set your mind to.
All we can do is the best we can do.
You never know what you can do until you try.
Twenty years from now you’ll be more disappointed by the things you did not do than the ones you did.
I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It’s because of them I’m doing it myself.
It’s okay to outgrow people who don’t grow. Grow tall anyways.
When you feel like giving up just remember that there are a lot of people you still have to prove wrong.
The world is full of nice people. If you can’t find one, be one.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.
A walk to a nearby park may give you more energy and inspiration in life than spending two hours in front of a screen.
If you can’t do anything about it then let it go. Don’t be a prisoner to things you can’t change.
You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
I can and I will. Watch me.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete.
The only thing standing in the way between you and your goal is the BS story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.
What is life without a little risk?
Only do what your heart tells you.
If it’s a good idea, go ahead and do it. It’s much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took an excuse.
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
A surplus of effort could overcome a deficit of confidence.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do.
Don’t think or judge, just listen.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it., 
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.,
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go… 
It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.
Atticus, he was real nice. Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.
We’re on the brink of adventure, children. Don’t spoil it with questions.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
I just wanna let them know that they didn’t break me.
I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse.
No one has ever made a difference by being like everyone else.
Spend a little more time trying to make something of yourself and a little less time trying to impress people.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
Remember you’re the one who can fill the world with sunshine.
You’ll have bad times, but it’ll always wake you up to the good stuff you weren’t paying attention to.
And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance… I hope you dance.
Just because it burns doesn’t mean you’re gonna die you’ve gotta get up and try.
Life’s a game made for everyone and love is the prize  
It’s a new dawn, it’s a new day, it’s a life for me and I’m feeling good.
Today is where your book begins, the rest is still unwritten.
A million dreams for the world we’re gonna make’
It’s my life It’s now or never I ain’t gonna live forever I just want to live while I’m alive 
I could build a castle out of all the bricks they threw at me 
Cause the grass is greener under me bright as technicolor, I can tell that you can see 
Every day women and men become legends 
On my own I will just create and if it works, it works. And if it doesn’t, I’ll just create something else. I don’t have any limitations on what I think I could do or be.
We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced.
We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes  understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.
Don’t compromise yourself. You’re all you’ve got.
When something I can’t control happens, I ask myself: Where is the hidden gift? Where is the positive in this?
Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for.
Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.
I was smart enough to go through any door that opened.
Done is better than perfect
If your dreams don’t scare you, they are too small.
Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.
What hurts you blesses you.
‘Nothing is stronger than a broken man rebuilding himself.  
I always thought it was me against the world and then one day I realized it’s just me against me.
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.
If you don’t build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.
I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.
What’s right is what’s left if you do everything else wrong.
Be a fruitloop in a world of Cheerios.  
Dream beautiful dreams, and then work to make those dreams come true.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Believe you can and you will.  
Do the right thing even when no one is looking.  
Make today the day you learn something new. 
Be silly, be honest, be kind.’
If you think someone could use a friend. Be one.  
It’s not what happens to you but how you react to it that matters.
You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing.  
The best way to predict your future is to create it. 
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Work until your rivals become idols.
You can’t have a million dollar dream on a minimum wage work ethic.  
You must do the kind of things you think you cannot do.
It’s not what you do once in a while it’s what you do day in and day out that makes the difference.
Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.
Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money it’s about having a lot of options.
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.
Always be careful when you follow the masses. Sometimes the m is silent.  
Never let anyone treat you like you’re regular glue. You’re glitter glue.
If you fall  I’ll be there.  Floor
When Plan A doesn’t work, don’t worry, you still have 25 more letters to go through.  
If you think you’re too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving isn’t for you.
A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.  
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book.’
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
You could rattle the stars, she whispered. You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.  
It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest.
The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.
When you know your worth, no one can make you feel worthless.  
If you’ve never eaten while crying you don’t know what life tastes like.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Once you do know what the question actually is, you’ll know what the answer means. 
The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.
Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.
‘We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.
Positive Quotes for Work
You don’t get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Remember, you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
Work hard and don’t give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people
Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path.
You can control two things: your work ethic and your attitude about anything.
Success isn’t always about greatness. It’s about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don’t throw it away.
Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore.
Read, read, read. Read everything — trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master. Read! You’ll absorb it. Then write. If it’s good, you’ll find out. If it’s not, throw it out of the window. William Faulkner
I really appreciate people who correct me, because without them, I might have been repeating mistakes for a long time.
Motivation comes from working on things we care about.
If today you are a little bit better than you were yesterday, then that’s enough.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
If you can’t make a mistake you can’t make anything.
Practice makes progress not perfect.  
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you’ll be doomed if you don’t try.
Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives.
Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing.
The best revenge is massive success.
What’s on the other side of fear? Nothing.
Quitters never win. Winners never quit!
It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.
If there is no wind, row.
It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.
If opportunity doesn’t knock build a door.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
I never dreamt of success. I worked for it.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.
Here’s to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They’re not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can’t do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.
Don’t stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.
You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.
Only buy something that you’d be perfectly happy to hold if the market shuts down for ten years.
That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you’re being miserable.
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
You’re already a financial trader. You might not think of it in just this way, but if you work for a living, you’re trading your time for money. Frankly, it’s just about the worst trade you can make. Why? You can always get more money, but you can’t get more time.
You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
Don’t give up, don’t take anything personally, and don’t take no for an answer.
Don’t be upset when people reject you. Nice things are rejected all the time by people who can’t afford them.  
The secret of change is to focus all your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
There are two rules for success. 1: Never reveal everything you know.
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do
If you talk about it, it’s a dream. If you envision it, it’s possible. If you schedule it, it’s real.
Forget your excuses. You either want it bad or don’t want it at all.  
The key to success is to start before you are ready.
I want to be remembered as the one who tried.
How to stop time: kiss. How to travel in time: read. How to escape time: music. How to feel time: write. How to release time: breathe.
Time is what we want most and what we use worst.
It’s not about having enough time, it’s about making enough time.
Time is money.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
The trouble is, you think you have time.
The greatest gift you could give someone is your time. Because when you give your time, you are giving a portion of your life you can’t get back.  
Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at right time, it is also about taking actions at right time.
Time always exposes what you mean to someone.  
After all this time? Always.
You can’t let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.
Think like a Queen. A Queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.
Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat is accepted as a reality.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all  in which case, you fail by default.
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm 
Why do we grieve failures longer than we celebrate wins?
Failure isn’t the end of the road. It’s a big red flag saying to you ‘Wrong way. Turn around.’ 
Whenever you feel like a failure, just remember that even Coca Cola only sold 25 bottles their first year
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
You’re off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so… get on your way!
When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.  
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.  
Everything is hard before it is easy.
At the end of the day we can endure much more than we think we can. 
Whatever you do never run back to what broke you. 
Take the risk or lose the chance.  
I didn’t learn to be quiet when I had an opinion. The reason they knew who I was is because I told them.
Never regret a day in your life. Good days bring you happiness and bad days give you experience.  
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. 
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. 
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
When the pain of an obstacle is too great, challenge yourself to be stronger.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. 
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before.’
Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. 
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one. 
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
Never stop learning because life never stops teaching. 
If you’re the smartest person in the room, you’re in the wrong room.  
The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
To learn a language is to have one more window from which to look at the world.
I’m still learning. 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
Every night her thoughts weighed heavily on her soul but every morning she would get up and fight another day, every night she survived. 
The best thing you can do is MASTER the chaos in you. You are not thrown into the fire, you ARE the fire.
Flowers grow back even after the harshest winters. You will too.
Life has many ways of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.
Be strong enough to let go and wise enough to wait for what you deserve.
It’s okay to be a glowstick: Sometimes we have to break before we shine.
What is coming is better than what is gone.  
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. 
The greatest weapon against stress is the ability to choose one thought over another.
It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.
Your mind is powerful. When you fill it with positive thoughts your whole world will change.  
Your only limit is your mind.  
Stop being afraid of what can go wrong and start being positive about what can go right.  
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.  
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
One thing’s for sure, if you don’t play, you don’t win.
Winning means you’re willing to go longer, work harder, and give more than anyone else.
Talent wins games, but teamwork wins championships.
When I win and when I lose, I take ownership of it, because I really am in charge of what I do. 
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
‘Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It’s about preparation, courage, understanding, nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams.
Don’t stop when you are tired. Stop when you are done.  
Don’t tell people about your dreams. Show them your dreams.  
Revenge is a powerful motivator.
Motivation may be what starts you off, but it’s habit that keeps you going back for more
I will not erase all my hard work this week because it’s the weekend.  
It might not be easy but it’ll be worth it.  
Make your fear of losing your greatest motivator.’  
You will never always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined. 
I’m not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
